c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplication1.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplication1.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\NMock2.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\nunit.core.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\nunit.core.interfaces.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Selenium.WebDriverBackedSelenium.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\ThoughtWorks.Selenium.Core.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Common.Tests.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\WebDriver.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Remote.Tests.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Selenium.WebDriverBackedSelenium.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Selenium.WebDriverBackedSelenium.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\ThoughtWorks.Selenium.Core.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\ThoughtWorks.Selenium.Core.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\WebDriver.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\WebDriver.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Common.Tests.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Remote.Tests.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplication1.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplication1.pdb
